Update JavaScript : Arrow functions (#1388)
Codecademy/docs: content/javascript/concepts/arrow-functions/arrow-functions.md

Arrow functions can be defined with zero or more arguments. They can also be defined on one or more lines.

> There are several variations of arrow functions :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several variations of arrow functions:
```

- Arrow functions with a single parameter do not require `()` around the parameter list.
- Arrow functions with a single expression (no curly brackets `{ }`) can use the concise function body which returns the result of the expression without the `return` keyword.

## Limitations

> Arrow functions functions are limited and can't be used in all situations :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Arrow functions functions are limited and can't be used in all situations:

```

> - They do not have their own bindings to [`this`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/this) or `super`, and should not be used as [methods](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/methods).
> - They cannot be used as [constructors](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/constructors).
> - They cannot use `yield`, within its body.
> - They cannot use the special `arguments` keyword.

## Example

> The following example showcases how arrow functions are defined and applied :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example showcases how arrow functions are defined and applied:
```

> 

Author: Do you mean add it as a new point under the section "Limitations"?

> 

Reviewer 2: Right 😄

> Arrow functions can be defined with zero or more arguments. They can also be defined on one or more lines.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Arrow functions can be defined with zero or more parameters, on one or more lines.
```

> There are several variations of arrow functions:
> - Arrow functions with a single parameter do not require `()` around the parameter list.
> - Arrow functions with a single expression (no curly brackets `{ }`) can use the concise function body which returns the result of the expression without the `return` keyword.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In most cases, parentheses (`()`) are not required to be around the parameter list if there is one parameter. They are required in the following cases:
  - There is more than one parameter.
  - There are no parameters.
  - The single parameter is a destructured object.
  - There are default or rest parameters involved.
 
Arrow functions with a single expression have no curly brackets (`{ }`) and can use the concise function body to return the result of the expression without the `return` keyword. For multiple expressions, parentheses can be alternatively wrapped around the arrow function body to implicitly return the result.

```

## Limitations

> Arrow functions functions are limited and can't be used in all situations:
> 
> > - They do not have their own bindings to [`this`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/this) or `super`, and should not be used as [methods](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/methods).
> > - They cannot be used as [constructors](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/constructors).
> > - They cannot use `yield`, within its body.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Arrow functions can't be used in all situations dud to the following limitations:

- They do not have their own bindings to [`this`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/this) or `super`, and should not be used as [methods](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/methods).
- They cannot be used as [constructors](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/constructors).
- They cannot use `yield` within its body and create generators.
```

Reviewer 2: Can we also remove the block quote and space from the line below? 😄

Author: Can you specify what space you want me to remove?

checkWeight(25);
```

> This produces the following output :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This produces the following output:
```

## Codebyte Exammple

> The following example features an arrow function defined with two arguments on a single line :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example features an arrow function defined with two arguments on a single line:
```

```codebyte/javascript
const multiply = (a, b) => a * b;

console.log(multiply(2, 30));
```

> This produces the following output :
> ```shell
> 60
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Since this is a codebyte, we won't need the output explicitly stated
